---
title: "Ch. 1-6 Reader's Response"
---

While reading the story I could not help but think about a disaster or catastrophe that is lingering around the corner just waiting to pounce on the characters. Coincidentally all the services are going out which is very rare looking at how far technology has advanced and it's even more suspicious that they have lost all contact to the authorities. This also reminds me of some kind of alien invasion story where all these small events pile up and affect the characters all at once. While reading the story I was wondering how long can they last in this situation, as if this goes on for too long their food supplies for the winter will be cut down resulting in them having to starve to death or buying meat from the south which they do not want to do. As I read the story I learned more about the indigenous tribes and their customs such as prayers after killing. While reading I took note of things I thought that could have been important while looking for archetypes that I can relate to the characters such as the hero. After reading chapters 1 - 6 it also reminds me of the rogers outage on a smaller scale. Not being able to use your cellphones for 3 - 4 days, no electronics, not being able to pay for anything and having to rely on alternatives such as cash or credit card. Also my whole family tuning into the radio to hear about the rogers shutdown and waiting patiently for systems to get back online. Although our situation was much better as we had electricity, we could make food at home, heat, and we were assured that we are going to be fine.