---
title: "Canada Trip"
---
This trip was kind of unexpected, the week before the trip actually took place I had no idea I was going to be in Canada the following week.

The reason for the sudden timing of this trip is because of [[private/Canadian Permanent Resident]]

Although the ulterior motive of the trip was to get our [[private/Canadian Permanent Resident]] work done I feel like a lot has happened especially for me

## 07/20/2023 - Thursday

Nothing much happened, the flight to Canada from San Francisco was on Thursday evening. We landed on Friday morning

## 07/21/2023 - Friday

This is the day where the cool stuff started to begin, I landed in Canada and after making a short pit stop at a family friends house I was on my way. I was let loose in Canada, I could do whatever my heart desired. What should I do? Overload on Poutine? See my old friends? Visit places of my near past? I decided to do something else, I took the Go Train to Toronto to attend my 1st ever in-person [[Emerging Technologies and the Arts Lab]] meeting. I shared a lot of ideas there and I met [[Dr. Rhonda McEwen]] in-person for the first time ever. After my meeting at [[University of Toronto]] and a short meeting with my friend Michael I was on my way back to Mississauga, my old home. I met up with my friend [[Youssef Ali]] and we ate delicious samosas @ Pak Sweets. After I met up with Youssef I went on to meet my friend [[Kush Bhatt]] we catched up for a bit drank a protein shake and then proceeded to attend a TTN party. This was the first time I told my parents I was doing something and then proceeded to do something else on a big scale. Let's just say what happened at TTN stays in TTN.

## 07/22/2023 - Saturday

The TTN party lasted until 2:00 AM on Saturday, overall it was a mid experience. Wouldn't go again, it's a degenerate place for people to get some quick satisfaction and move on with life. Me and [[Kush Bhatt]] slept over at his friend Zayr's house where somehow I woke up next to Zayr. No clue how this happened but it was funny so I am going to include this anyway. After a quick breakfast at Kush's house I headed off to Toronto to meet [[Varun Sahni]] and Michael Zhao. We went to the eaton center hung out over there and me and Varun ended this meetup at the Victoria Quad in [[University of Toronto]]. Overall I had a fun time catching up with my old friend. The night ended with me meeting up with some family friends and watching [[Ted 2]]

## 07/23/2023 - Sunday

I woke up at 11:05 am in the morning, I was supposed to meetup with Hamza and Ayaan who I am working on [[PetPalz]] with at this time. Turns out watching Ted 2 the night before wasn't a great idea. We rescheduled and met up at 1:00 PM. From here we explored Square One just talking about random topics, getting lunch, and catching up. We worked on [[PetPalz]] for a bit and headed our ways. Tonight was my flight to Calgary

### Summary (GTA)

I really enjoyed my time in the **G**reater **T**oronto **A**rea, met up with a lot of the people I knew in Canada although I didn't get time to meet all of them I had fun meeting the ones that I could. Me and [[Kush Bhatt]] were scheduled to meet at [[Outernet]] although at the time of writing I am not sure how possible this is as I have not received my [[private/Canadian Permanent Resident]] portal invite. 

## 07/24/2023 - Monday

After several delays my flight landed in Calgary at 1:00 AM. Unfortunately I dropped my [[Flipper]] at the Calgary International Airport. Later that day we rented a car and made our way to Jasper with a quick stop at Lake Louise, it was really fun. We took breaks to eat but most of the day was traveling in the car. Lake Louise was beautiful, I took some good pictures there and it reminded me of the lake in Grand Teton National Park. I highly recommend people to visit Banff and Jasper, the drive is beautiful. I slept at approximately 12:30 AM as I was working on my [[JAMHacks]] Organizer application earlier that day

## 07/25/2023 - Sunday

At the time of writing it is Sunday, July 25th, 2023. Still no portal invite :(. Outernet is looking more and more unlikely as the days pass on. Today I am traveling back from Jasper to Banff where I will be staying the night. I have to say again, this place is beautiful. I am surprised more people in Canada do not come to see these places. I feel like they're missing out on a lot.
